This is my final project for SDEV140. This is currently a work in progress. I used breezypythongui and tkinter to make this program work. The plan for this program is, it's going to be used to help map out a set area in real-life. Giving set boundaries/areas of what is what. In this case, I’m using for landscaping, I want to use the canvas class in tkinter, to give me something like that.So far, it just draws 4 rectangles, and disables/enables them with 2 buttons.

I plan on adding a lot more. Making it so you can manipulate not only rectangles, but other shapes. As well as, making it so you can get the maths to get accurate readings for the areas/perimeters etc. So, you can use this in real-life and get a good idea of how much of each whatever is.

So far, the problems I’ve been having mainly are syntax, and what can I do with what I got. Basically, I have a pretty good idea about coding and know enough to figure it out most of the time. However, I must do a ton of research on just how to get simple things done. It's mainly finding the right words to use, and making sure everything is in the proper place. The main reason for this too, is I'm more used to c++, and java. Writing things in python feels weird/wrong. As with c++, i'm used to writing mountains of code, and pre-planning all the data types. 

For instance, when I was setting up the classes for everything in "My_Frame(EasyFrame):" it took me a long time to figure out how to change the attributes for each entitiy created by the class. As, in c++, and java. it's just "self.my_class.attribute", not "self.my_class["attribute"]" which still feels kind of wrong every time I type it. Another thing I had to do was go into the breezypythongui.py file, and figure out how it runs every function, what datatypes are for each, and keywords to use. I had to use chatGPT to help me figure out a lot of the syntax too, as the documentation doesn't go into depth about this at all. Other than that, normal programming with python has been easy.
